What Drat Is

Basically ratpoison tiling window manager and Terminology tweaked and configured into a functional destop environment 
that was designed as a personal solution for a specific set of circumstances and restrictions. The main one was only 
having access to a borrowed laptop, off which the only way to use linux was via usb. After using live environments for 
a good few months, setting up your desktop as you like it, with all the rc files and things you want to install gets 
ever so tiresome. Persistent usb's corrupt (for me at least) within days and the option to install proper to usb wasn't 
an option, with only one usb to run linux on and only windows to use to install an linux on usb, which was never going 
to happen. Even if there is a way, there isn't. Drat is my already configured and set up live usb what how I like it. 
If you like it too splendid. :)


What Drat Isn't 

Drat isn't anything other than a personal solution to a...it say's up there ^ When I mentioned this to people in irc 
and around and about their reactions were always, just get a cheap laptop, just get a bouple of cheap usb sticks etc. 
And while this is an obvious solution, and one I am usually not too stoned to work out for myself, this was not an 
option either. Things were tough. Fun, but tough...This about feels like more of a justification than an about even 
though I've made this thing for myself.


What's in Drat-linux

Base OS (listed below), Ratpoisonwm, Terminology terminal emulator (default), Midnight Commander, irssi, firefox, tty-clock, 
tree and some other cli stuff.

Base OS Currently there are build scripts in development ubuntu-minimal, bodhi-linux and OpenBSD, my three fave to 
date, the plan is to soon have packages for said platforms.)


Why is it called Drat?

Following the ratpoison theme of killing the rodent (mouse), which is explained a lot more elquently
here - http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison/inspiration.html
The name was going to be deadrat, which as with anything GNU/linux, quickly got shortenend to drat, and drat was easier to type.


Installing Drat

- Get the build-scripts from this here github and build it.
- OpenBSD
Install the pkg from this mirror {not done yet}

- GNU/Linux
Get the Deb files from this place {not done yet}

Some links
http://www.nongnu.org/ratpoison
https://www.enlightenment.org/about-terminology
https://www.midnight-commander.org/
https://irssi.org/
